alexis sweet are guys here we are at
tell us what to do but as you can see in
lower right 65 coins and or one
mission of the day that allows me to
earn 40 points and so this
let's go to sutri online than her
and we hope to take the name
they depend on an adversary that can be made
beat
ok people who write me a stone
hello where i left the pokémon i keep it
he does not know cabbage first but I keep
I hope in the factor c is that it happens to me
who plays karts I can use date
you can do it yourself
I saw since now already a mana ok
more coin what a marco will do
coin will promise nothing the only one that
could bother my I put
the only thing but what will you invent ?
invent
if it does not put on the card or put the
spiders a hole if he does not put
on the bad card anyway he and if
throw in the card depends on it anyway
he
ok this ok i know this is served
but he likes it but they are not excuses for which he
ok adobe camene auto company scilato da
from my magician's power over capri su
in short, oh my secret snakes seven
common but wait can't put them
bad enough just hit in the face
good basins from even katy mind mico no
I don't know if it suits me then
sincerely because in the end he dies
however then at the end tac and then in
face if we see that using me strange
and associated by hand therefore by force
animal family and there is a lot of bales
frost bolt that I am here for
anything bad minus who mine
those who then has never seen a
that the player who is a monster that ok
can make 4 arms goodbye friend
then you go too much what approached the
Dr. 16 so I expect a reminder
they will even though I doubt it seen this
inter too fast ok but no curse
out of the site cabbage oh well I can
decide less when to insert it
then I frisullo type ok
I had to make him miss miss oh well it goes
well so whoever puts him now
apple tree without mercy
I hope we are determined to suffer
the two that I made a shit no already
monsters there's no monsters can't either
that is to say ok okay better for me
tac I didn't know
ok affixed by the week puts a
beautiful savant ok ok ok 6
popping delicious as it attacks me
to
from that there is not even a monster rai 3
5 cards 5 cards will surely all be
charge and I don't know what else dogs put it
a monster less michetti activate the ok
I knew one unexpected ram captains
card like that for those who had one
provocation I know if I explain you put it
a monster you remember thanks who
thanks be where i'm holding ok
don't worry, I don't care now
maybe the hero power
fuck about 15 of life or perfect monster
it's better than a secret
ok this I don't need anyway in
doubt in case he had anything
when he had a weapon after winning
I mean that dates I don't know if mine
puccini however 68 dc damages are
possible or omit 3 4 3 but that
nice quantity I make them 24 time but
finally the one here 22 44 44 45 no
so let's vote for him, let's ask here
obviously we have the whole boom on the
field and we are to win because he doesn't
can do anything even if you give in a
my writing says ok wins
and we won guys so this one
I have to completed we are not always always
in the west, I refuse another route
we are 4 in 15 16 many is more for
victor 40
here is if the 100-point motif
maximum indeed gave the mathematics the
I know I know her anyway if we go
here no thanks call shop
this because those of givi gvg like
cup is already called joker that interest
the name will be night and hopefully one
legendary with a month I can't find
so nothing when it is so I can't find it
nothing in fact therefore rarely occurs
definitely lasted when I go mirko le
new percent from randy monitor ok
all cards that ok but still golden goes
well guys
that's all for today and see you at
next bye bye